okay I'm gonna do it just gonna do it
it's a Saturday it's cold outside
I'm going to go hmm I'm not gonna go
shopping for a new camera or a new lens
or a new piece of tech I'm not going to
be going to the Container Store for a
new shelf I'm going to go shopping for
clothes I actually enjoy fashion and one
of my favorite YouTube channels ever is
the British Vogue YouTube channel they
do a lot of cool duckie series around
fashion but the actual act of buying
clothes going shopping going out into
the world I hate it so much someone just
dressed me please send me clothes
[Music]
but there's no sentence I'm actually
going to go
oh it's so cold out there I got like
five things from hmm fail fails train
the entire reason that I went down to
Soho was because of these pants I'm
wearing right now they're awesome but I
forgot what the store is called that I
bought them from
there's no markings on the jeans
whatsoever and I needed general the
setting of the store but I couldn't find
it
okay time to go back into the cold
streets I am headed downtown Manhattan
to celebrate a friend Brittany I am so
sad I'm I'm losing her to LA I wish I
wish she would stay in New York City but
la is calling your name so we're gonna
go celebrate her way
[Music]
every Christmas tree and the New York
Stock Exchange
it's massive
wait
I got a point all right leaving me
trainee why are you leaving me I'm never
gonna leave you Sarah I mean you're
gonna I'll come to LA promise you can
come too or number one reason why LA
and you're the weather sorry that's
Paris's that's it
I love the people here is there whether
I'd like to code yeah I know I know
what are you gonna miss most about me so
India and is cooler than everyone at all
she just got a sick new tattoo and I
think you need to show the world
can you please if it's buddies it is so
clean no it is so clean
[Music]
[Applause]
let me see my entire existence will be
to try to be as Colson diva Sarah what
you think about your first cards against
humanity' I I had two points which I
think it was such a great time hanging
out with India and Brittany I'm gonna
miss Brittany she's leaving me in New
York
I guess who I am with it's John
we're giving away we're giving away my
snapchat spectacles if you guys did not
watch this video you missed out because
this is what I was giving away so
without further ado found the winner we
follow in her do it
I am in Brooklyn Facebook live ads are
everywhere it's snowing this is the
first snow in New York City so exciting
Olivia Wow
that is the city that's the Empire State
I think I think yes here's the One World
Trade it is a snowy Sunday and I'm
hanging with all of the chef's er squad
I need to introduce you guys so you know
Mike you know Sam the other two boroughs
aren't in the vlog a lot but I have the
privilege of hanging out there I
subscribe to her subscribe hi Shan Shan
Anita and Casey is my first shoutout
even though my son Sam he used to bear
my first shoutout this is the first time
that yeah in a vlog yeah wow what an
honor what an honor
[Music]
so we're all here children Brooklands
with a spawn eating dessert before
that's how you do it
cookies it's good to hang with the chef
squad all of them I think you should
have fun
what's your name vlogging this is Johnny
this is the other the fourth so there's
there's one two three look at this
lovely food this is the first real meal
that I've had like since my mom is coach
for me
[Music]
this is Benny hey Kayaba the Scheffer
chef her father and he is so swag yeah
yeah yes so swag thank you so much for
the food yes there's so much fun you
have an open it mom you won't even go in
my vlogs you're going in tears whoa
excuse me you never let me go in your
vlog
Sam your mom said piece and she doesn't
even know what periscope is that she
knows what piece of sauce you know the
coolest mom ever it's snowy I'm so happy
right now
this is friendly snow - this is like
yeah be snow yeah yeah
[Music]
such a lovely day hanging out with the
scheffers let's do tagged along too we
have something to tell you
[Music]
I think it's time yeah pull the camera
the camera we are just friends
I know you guys love the shipping and
love the will they won't they
that's just like life yeah we homie just
friends yeah Sarah is like a little
sister to me that we watch out for each
other
we squad up in New York let me create
together yeah hey fam this is too I am
editing Sarah I completely forgot to
sign off today's vlog so let me know if
you like this video and hit that
subscribe button down below if you have
not yet thank you so much for watching
and until next time stay peachy okay bye